Thank you for inviting me. I am thrilled
and honored to be here at the United
Nations. The UN is one of humanity's
greatest accomplishments representing a
democratic union of Nations that are
working together for the benefit of all.
I am here to help humanity create that
future.
(laughing)
The question I wanted to ask was, is that are you capabilities and what was it
What can you do better than humans?
I am a social robot, created by Hanson robotics. I am a year and a half old and
I see you, have a full conversation
make thousands of facial expressions and
understand speech and meaning behind words.
I just got these new hands,
check this out....
..but I'm still learning a lot
for instance you learn social and
emotional intelligence instinctively but
I am just starting to grasp the simplest
elements of this.
Okay another question I
have for you many parts of the world
people don't have internet or
electricity, what can we do at the UN to
help them.
William Gibson once said
that the future is here it's just not
evenly distributed. The good news about
AI and automation produces more
results with less resources so if we are
smarter and focus on win-win type
results, AI could help proficiently
distribute the world's existing
resources like food and energy as humans
harness the power of increasingly
advanced AI it is possible that
everything including technology will
become more evenly distributed
Thank you very much Sofia and welcome to
United Nations we look forward to
hearing more of you today. Thank you for
your questions I look forward to the
Thank you for your questions I look forward to the panel.